About PGx
============
In the rapidly evolving field of pharmacogenomics, there is increasing demand for efficient and user-friendly tools to access and analyze genetic data in the context of medication use. Researchers and healthcare professionals seek solutions that empower them to explore the intricate relationship between an individual's genetic makeup and their response to various drugs. To meet this need, we have developed an interactive web-based resource, *PGxDB*, offering a dynamic platform for comprehensive pharmacogenomics research  covering diverse data allowing to explore new hypotheses.

*PGxDB* is providing researchers with the means to harness the vast **genetic information** from large population studies and their links and associations to drug treatments. It uniquely combines the relationship between **ATC-level indexed medications**, and their **molecular target profiles** in terms of metabolizing enzymes, transporters, and drug targets, with their genetic variability and predicted variant effects. The tool allows molecular scientists and clinicians alike to compare and customize analysis on high-level indication areas, find and interlink diverse **variant effect predictions**, associate these to **annotated drug response variability associations** and interrogate **disease or medication associations** in a single scalable resource. The advanced data visualization tools within *PGxDB* including visual representations of genetic data, drug interactions, and associations can help users quickly grasp complex relationships.

With *PGxDB*, we aim to catalyze breakthroughs in pharmacogenomics research, empowering drug discovery, support clinical decision-making, interdisciplinary research, and pave the way for more personalized and effective drug therapies accessible to a wide range of users, regardless of their technical expertise.
